Form: describe Smart Paste API (#8011)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxForm/9 Types/SmartPasteInfo/aiResult.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies Smart Paste results. This data populates the Form fields.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies Smart Paste results. Data from this object populates the Form.
```
